[14.0][IMP] stock_reserve_rule: add full lot strategy (#1834)
OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse: stock_reserve_rule/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

* Full Packaging: tries to remove full packaging (configured on the products)
  first, by largest to smallest package or based on a pre-selected package
  (default removal strategy is then applied for equal quantities).
* Single lot: tries to remove a single lot.
  This strategy requests to set a tolerance (either in percentage or absolute value)
  to allow selection of a lot with same qty as requested qty by setting a tolerance value of 0.
  By setting a Tolerance value different from 0, user can create rules to select a lot with qty
  higher than requested (Tolerance on = Upper Limit) or lower than requested
  (Tolerance on = Lower Limit). Note that rules with Tolerance value != 0

>   will not select lots with requested qty = lot qty.

Reviewer: This strategy requires to select if a tolerance should be applied on lot selection, allowing to select lots with qty higher or lower than qty requested in picking. 
Rules can be applied in sequence, for example, to first check for exact lot qty, then for a lot with qty 5% higher than requested, then for a lot with qty 10% higher than requested, and so on.

If lot selected must have same qty as requested, set "Tolerance on = No tolerance"; otherwise it's possible to select a lot with higher qty (Tolerance on = Upper Limit") or lower qty ("Lower Limit"), either in percentage of qty or absolute value. 
Please note that both "Upper limit" or "Lower limit" rules will not select a lot with qty = requested qty.

* Full Packaging: tries to remove full packaging (configured on the products)
  first, by largest to smallest package or based on a pre-selected package
  (default removal strategy is then applied for equal quantities).

> * Single lot: tries to remove a single lot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Full lot: tries to remove a complete lot.
```

* Full Packaging: tries to remove full packaging (configured on the products)
  first, by largest to smallest package or based on a pre-selected package
  (default removal strategy is then applied for equal quantities).
* Single lot: tries to remove a single lot.
  This strategy requires to select if a tolerance should be applied on lot selection,
  allowing to select lots with qty higher or lower than qty requested in picking.
  Rules can be applied in sequence, for example, to first check for exact lot qty,
  then for a lot with qty 5% higher than requested, then for a lot with qty 10% higher
  than requested, and so on.

  If lot selected must have same qty as requested, set "Tolerance on = No tolerance";
  otherwise it's possible to select a lot with higher qty (Tolerance on = Upper Limit")
  or lower qty ("Lower Limit"), either in percentage of qty or absolute value.
  Please note that both "Upper limit" or "Lower limit" rules

>   will not select a lot with qty = requested qty.

Reviewer 2: Why ? Doesn't make sense to me. A tolerance must accept exact value as well.

Author: Description is changed.

* Full Packaging: tries to remove full packaging (configured on the products)
  first, by largest to smallest package or based on a pre-selected package
  (default removal strategy is then applied for equal quantities).
* By lot: tries to remove a lot. A specific field allows to set whether to reserve
  a lot with qty matching requested qty, or a lot with qty >= requested quantity,

>   or only lots with qty > requested qty.

Reviewer: * Single lot: tries to remove a single lot. This strategy requests to set a tolerance (either in percentage or absolute value) to allow selection of a lot with same qty as requested qty by setting a tolerance value of 0. 
By setting a Tolerance value different from 0, user can create rules to select a lot with qty higher than requested (Tolerance on = Upper Limit) or lower than requested (Tolerance on = Lower Limit). Note that rules with Tolerance value != 0 will not select lots with requested qty = lot qty.
